CCM6126 respond with a json:api format for 413 errors (#752)
NHSDigital/communications-manager-api: tests/docs/partials/too_large/test_too_many_messages.rst

Scenario: An API consumer submitting a request with a request body containing 45,001 messages receives a 413 status code and response body containing an instance of that error
===============================================================================================================================================================================

| **Given** the API consumer provides a message body of 45,001 messages
| **When** the request is submitted

> | **Then** the response is a 413 Request Entity Too Large

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Then** the response is a 413 Too Many Items
```

Author: Closing because we agreed to unify on Request Entity Too Large

| **And** the response body contains 1 error

**Asserts**

> - Response returns a 413 'Invalid Value' status code

Author: Unified on Request Entity Too Large as discussed
